docs/content/travel.md, before:

---
# Travel information

type: section
title: Travel
active: true

---

## <i class="fa-solid fa-road-barrier"></i> Visa

You may need to apply for a visa to enter Germany. See here for [visa requirements](https://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/visa-service/visabestimmungen-node).
Feel free to contact the organizers if you need a letter of support.

## <i class="fa-solid fa-triangle-exclamation"></i> Travel restrictions

While travel is now possible, there is still the possibility for continuously changing regulations. We'll do our best to provide support and information.
As of June 11, 2022 all COVID-19 entry restrictions to Germany are lifted, see [here](https://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/coronavirus/2317268).
Additionally, Ringberg Castle currently operates under 2G rules (see [here](https://www.schloss-ringberg.de/125843/corona)) whereby only vaccinated (with a Germany-approved vaccine) or recovered individuals are allowed on the premises.
We will continue to update this information, and please in all cases check with a German embassy for specific restrictions and visa requirements based on your location and citizenship.

<!--
Entry to Germany is limited to nationals from EU member states, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Iceland, and those vaccinated with [vaccines approved in Germany](https://covid19.trackvaccines.org/country/germany/). Exceptions are possible for [researchers and scientists](https://www-bmi-bund-de.translate.goog/SharedDocs/faqs/DE/themen/bevoelkerungsschutz/coronavirus/reisebeschraenkungen-grenzkontrollen/IV-reisebeschraenkungen-im-aussereuropaeischen-luft-und-seeverkehr-einreisen-aus-drittstaat/welche-fachkraefte-und-hoch-qualifizierte-arbeitnehmer-duerfen-einreisen.html?_x_tr_sl=de&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=en&_x_tr_pto=wapp), but we recommend checking with your local German embassy to confirm if these apply to you. Travelers are obligated to provide evidence of a negative COVID-19 PCR test and proof of vaccination or recovery upon entering the country. Additionally, MPIA and HdA are currently operating under 2G rules whereby only vaccinated (with a Germany-approved vaccine) or recovered individuals are allowed on the premises. We will continue to update this information, and please check with a German embassy for specific restrictions and visa requirements based on your location and citizenship.
-->

## Getting to Ringberg

<!-- <p style="color:red;">Update below.</p> -->

### <i class="fa-solid fa-plane"></i> By plane

We recommend flying to Munich Airport (MUC), as this is the nearest international airport to Ringberg.
After arrival you have to continue by train to reach the castle. Starting at Munich airport, take the regional train (S-Bahn) line S1 or S8 to Munich Central Station.
From Munich central station take the train to "Tegernsee" station. You can find train travel times by visiting the
Deutsche Bahn (German rail) [webpage](https://www.bahn.com/en). Alternatively, search for a public transport route from
"Munich airport" to "Tegernsee station" on [Google Maps](https://www.google.de/maps/dir/Munich+International+Airport,+Nordallee+25,+85356+M%C3%BCnchen-Flughafen/Tegernsee/@48.0329904,11.3529496,10z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m18!4m17!1m5!1m1!1s0x479e135923da6d45:0xe3c57a853a56cf4b!2m2!1d11.7764347!2d48.3509684!1m5!1m1!1s0x479d8c219a91bd33:0x41d25a40937a060!2m2!1d11.758016!2d47.7131524!2m3!6e0!7e2!8j1667743200!3e3). The total travel time is around 2 h.
From Tegernsee station you will need to take a taxi to get to the castle (15 minute ride). 

<p style="color:red;">As a large number of workshop attendants will arrive,
a taxi reservation in advance via email is mandatory (Taxi Jasinski, <a href="mailto:taxi-jasinski@live.de">taxi-jasinski@live.de</a>).</p>
Also note that on the Deutsche Bahn website you can buy a ticket in advance,
but we don't recommend the cheaper "saver" tickets,
as these apply to a specific booked train --
you cannot use them on a different train if you have flight delays.

### <i class="fa-solid fa-train"></i> By train

Please book a train to "Tegernsee" station,
once there continue to the castle with a taxi
(see details in "By Plane" section above).


### <i class="fa-solid fa-road"></i> Driving directions
If you decide to rent a car and drive, you can follow the directions on the [Ringberg website](https://www.schloss-ringberg.de/convention-site/contact).
Also check out their [cool video](https://youtu.be/uELPUedThlI)...

Commit message:

Added travel info + fixes from Laura.

docs/content/travel.md, after:

---
# Travel information

type: section
title: Travel
active: true

---

## <i class="fa-solid fa-road-barrier"></i> Visa

You may need to apply for a visa to enter Germany. See here for [visa requirements](https://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/visa-service/visabestimmungen-node).
Feel free to contact the organizers if you need a letter of support.

## <i class="fa-solid fa-triangle-exclamation"></i> Travel restrictions

While travel is now possible, there is still the possibility for continuously changing regulations. We'll do our best to provide support and information.
As of June 11, 2022 all COVID-19 entry restrictions to Germany are lifted, see [here](https://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/coronavirus/2317268).
Additionally, Ringberg Castle currently operates under 2G rules (see [here](https://www.schloss-ringberg.de/125843/corona)) whereby only vaccinated (with a Germany-approved vaccine) or recovered individuals are allowed on the premises.
We will continue to update this information, and please in all cases check with a German embassy for specific restrictions and visa requirements based on your location and citizenship.

<!--
Entry to Germany is limited to nationals from EU member states, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Iceland, and those vaccinated with [vaccines approved in Germany](https://covid19.trackvaccines.org/country/germany/). Exceptions are possible for [researchers and scientists](https://www-bmi-bund-de.translate.goog/SharedDocs/faqs/DE/themen/bevoelkerungsschutz/coronavirus/reisebeschraenkungen-grenzkontrollen/IV-reisebeschraenkungen-im-aussereuropaeischen-luft-und-seeverkehr-einreisen-aus-drittstaat/welche-fachkraefte-und-hoch-qualifizierte-arbeitnehmer-duerfen-einreisen.html?_x_tr_sl=de&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=en&_x_tr_pto=wapp), but we recommend checking with your local German embassy to confirm if these apply to you. Travelers are obligated to provide evidence of a negative COVID-19 PCR test and proof of vaccination or recovery upon entering the country. Additionally, MPIA and HdA are currently operating under 2G rules whereby only vaccinated (with a Germany-approved vaccine) or recovered individuals are allowed on the premises. We will continue to update this information, and please check with a German embassy for specific restrictions and visa requirements based on your location and citizenship.
-->

## Getting to Ringberg

<!-- <p style="color:red;">Update below.</p> -->

### <i class="fa-solid fa-plane"></i> By plane

We recommend flying to Munich Airport (MUC), as this is the nearest international airport to Ringberg.
After arrival you have to continue by train to reach the castle. Starting at Munich airport, take the regional train (S-Bahn) line S1 or S8 to Munich Central Station.
From Munich central station take the train to "Tegernsee" station. You can find train travel times by visiting the
Deutsche Bahn (German rail) [webpage](https://www.bahn.com/en). Alternatively, search for a public transport route from
"Munich airport" to "Tegernsee station" on [Google Maps](https://www.google.de/maps/dir/Munich+International+Airport,+Nordallee+25,+85356+M%C3%BCnchen-Flughafen/Tegernsee/@48.0329904,11.3529496,10z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m18!4m17!1m5!1m1!1s0x479e135923da6d45:0xe3c57a853a56cf4b!2m2!1d11.7764347!2d48.3509684!1m5!1m1!1s0x479d8c219a91bd33:0x41d25a40937a060!2m2!1d11.758016!2d47.7131524!2m3!6e0!7e2!8j1667743200!3e3). The total travel time is around 2 h.
From Tegernsee station you will need to take a taxi to get to the castle (15 minute ride). 

<p style="color:red;">As a large number of workshop attendants will arrive,
a taxi reservation in advance via email is mandatory (Taxi Jasinski, <a href="mailto:taxi-jasinski@live.de">taxi-jasinski@live.de</a>).</p>

<p style="color:red;">Note that you may have to switch to a bus during the train ride from Munich to Tegernsee station, due to construction work going on on the train tracks.
In this case the final stop of the train is  before Tegernsee station, and you will have to transfer to a bus waiting in front of the station.
The bus will be shown as "SEV" (Schienenersatzverkehr: "train replacement traffic") on the Deutsche Bahn website.</p>

Also note that on the Deutsche Bahn website you can buy a ticket in advance,
but we don't recommend the cheaper "saver" tickets,
as these apply to a specific booked train --
you cannot use them on a different train if you have flight delays.

### <i class="fa-solid fa-train"></i> By train

Please book a train to "Tegernsee" station,
once there continue to the castle with a taxi
(see details in "By Plane" section above).


### <i class="fa-solid fa-road"></i> Driving directions
If you decide to rent a car and drive, you can follow the directions on the [Ringberg website](https://www.schloss-ringberg.de/convention-site/contact).
Also check out their [cool video](https://youtu.be/uELPUedThlI)...
